README.md, before:

# AI Pipeline Worker

Worker that consumes jobs from a Redis queue and runs skills with Claude Code CLI in Docker containers.

**Versioning:** use the files in this repository (versioned). Do not use scripts that embed source code (e.g. a `worker.sh` that generates `worker.js`/Docker on the fly) — they get outdated. Here `setup.sh` only handles environment variables and Docker Compose; the code lives in the repo files.

## Prerequisites

- Docker and Docker Compose
- SSH key for GitHub (e.g. `~/.ssh/ai_pipeline`) and Claude credentials at `~/.claude/.credentials.json`

## Setup

1. **Clone the repository** (or use this folder as the project root).

2. **Create the `.env` file** from the example:
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   ```
   Edit `.env` and set:
   - `REDIS_URL` – Redis URL (e.g. `redis://:password@host:6379`)
   - `GITHUB_TOKEN` – GitHub token (for `gh auth`)
   - Optional: `CLAUDE_CODE_OAUTH_TOKEN`, `GOOGLE_API_KEY` if the worker needs them

   **Never commit `.env`** — it is in `.gitignore`.

3. **Start the workers** using the setup script (loads `.env` and forwards to Docker Compose):
   ```bash
   chmod +x setup.sh
   ./setup.sh up -d
   ```
   Or, if you prefer, load `.env` manually and run:
   ```bash
   docker compose up -d
   ```

## Using `setup.sh`

`setup.sh` only loads environment variables and forwards commands to Docker Compose. It does not embed source code; all code is in the versioned files.

- First run without `.env`: the script copies `.env.example` to `.env` and asks you to edit and run again.
- With existing `.env`: loads variables and runs `docker compose` with the arguments you pass.

Examples:
- `./setup.sh up -d` – start in background
- `./setup.sh logs -f` – follow logs
- `./setup.sh down` – stop containers

## Migrating from worker.sh (script with embedded code)

If you used a single script (e.g. `worker.sh`) that created `worker.js`, Dockerfile and docker-compose in the user folder:

1. **Clone this repository** (or use the existing `ai-pipeline-worker` folder).
2. **Configure `.env`**: `cp .env.example .env` and set `REDIS_URL`, `GITHUB_TOKEN`, etc.
3. **Use `setup.sh`** instead of worker.sh: it only loads variables and calls Docker Compose — no embedded code. E.g. `./setup.sh up -d`.

This way you version the code on GitHub and on any machine you only need to clone, configure `.env` and run `./setup.sh up -d`.

## Publishing to GitHub

After cloning or creating the repository locally:

```bash
git remote add origin https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/ai-pipeline-worker.git
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main
```

Replace `YOUR_USERNAME/ai-pipeline-worker` with your repository URL on GitHub.

Commit message:

Enhance README.md and setup.sh for improved installation process and clarity. Added details on supported systems, prerequisites, and clarified setup steps. Updated setup.sh to include better error handling and user prompts for missing dependencies and .env file.

README.md, after:

# AI Pipeline Worker

Worker that consumes jobs from a Redis queue and runs skills with Claude Code CLI in Docker containers.

**Versioning:** use the files in this repository (versioned). Do not use scripts that embed source code (e.g. a `worker.sh` that generates `worker.js`/Docker on the fly) — they get outdated. Here `setup.sh` and `install-deps.sh` handle dependencies, `.env`, and Docker Compose; the code lives in the repo files.

**Supported:** macOS (including Apple Silicon) and Linux (e.g. Ubuntu/Debian).

## Prerequisites (installed/set up by `install-deps.sh` if missing)

- Docker and Docker Compose
- GitHub CLI (`gh`) — used inside the container with `GITHUB_TOKEN`
- Node.js — used on host to install Claude CLI for `claude auth login`
- **Claude login:** the script runs `claude auth login` and creates `~/.claude/.credentials.json` (mounted into the container)
- **GitHub SSH:** the script creates `~/.ssh/ai_pipeline` and asks you to add the public key at https://github.com/settings/keys

## Setup

1. **Clone the repository** (or use this folder as the project root).

2. **Run setup** — it will install Docker, Docker Compose, `gh`, Node, and Claude CLI if needed; **prompt for Claude login** (browser OAuth) and **GitHub SSH key** (create key and ask you to add it to GitHub); then create `.env` from `.env.example` if missing:
   ```bash
   chmod +x setup.sh install-deps.sh
   ./setup.sh
   ```
   - **Claude:** if you are not logged in, the script runs `claude auth login` and opens the browser.
   - **GitHub:** if SSH is not set up, it creates `~/.ssh/ai_pipeline`, shows the public key, and asks you to add it at https://github.com/settings/keys.
   - **macOS:** if Docker was not installed, the script installs Docker Desktop and exits. Open Docker Desktop from Applications, wait for it to start, then run `./setup.sh` again.
   - If `.env` was created, edit it and set `REDIS_URL`, `GITHUB_TOKEN`, then run:
   ```bash
   ./setup.sh up -d
   ```

3. **Or do it step by step:**
   - Install dependencies only: `./setup.sh install` (or `./install-deps.sh`)
   - Create and edit `.env`: `cp .env.example .env` then set `REDIS_URL`, `GITHUB_TOKEN`, etc.
   - Start workers: `./setup.sh up -d`

   **Never commit `.env`** — it is in `.gitignore`.

## Using `setup.sh`

- **`./setup.sh`** — first-time: install Docker/gh if missing, ensure `.env`, then run `docker compose up -d`.
- **`./setup.sh install`** — only install dependencies (Docker, Docker Compose, `gh`).
- **`./setup.sh up -d`** — load `.env` and start containers in background.
- **`./setup.sh logs -f`** — follow logs.
- **`./setup.sh down`** — stop containers.

If `.env` is missing, the script copies `.env.example` to `.env` and asks you to edit and run `./setup.sh up -d` again.

## Migrating from worker.sh (script with embedded code)

If you used a single script (e.g. `worker.sh`) that created `worker.js`, Dockerfile and docker-compose in the user folder:

1. **Clone this repository** (or use the existing `ai-pipeline-worker` folder).
2. **Configure `.env`**: `cp .env.example .env` and set `REDIS_URL`, `GITHUB_TOKEN`, etc.
3. **Use `setup.sh`** instead of worker.sh: it only loads variables and calls Docker Compose — no embedded code. E.g. `./setup.sh up -d`.

This way you version the code on GitHub and on any machine you only need to clone, configure `.env` and run `./setup.sh up -d`.

## Publishing to GitHub

After cloning or creating the repository locally:

```bash
git remote add origin https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/ai-pipeline-worker.git
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main
```

Replace `YOUR_USERNAME/ai-pipeline-worker` with your repository URL on GitHub.
